go/raindrops: missing comments for disapprove (#1225)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/go/raindrops/entry_signature_changed.md

> The signature of the `Convert` function should be `Convert(i int) string`.

Reviewer: Should this perhaps be a general comment, where the function name and the expected signature are parameters? That way, this comment can be re-used in multiple analyzers.

> The signature of the `Convert` function should be `Convert(i int) string`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Change the signature of the `Convert` function to be `Convert(i int) string`.
```

Perhaps?

Author: I applied it, but I will switch to the one in `general` soon anyway. There it says:

```
Fix the signature of the `%{function}` function. The expected signature is `%{signature}`.
```

> Exercism is built on the TDD (Test Driven Development) principle. 

Reviewer: Should we perhaps link to a page that has a basic introduction of TDD?

Author: What do you think about this one?
http://testfirst.org/

It's mostly about Test Driven Teaching. Basically what exercism.io does.

TDD is mostly about writing the tests first which the students don't do here.

Author: Maybe this direct link into the website: http://testfirst.org/about#tdd

Author: Or just Wikipedia? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development

Reviewer: Either could work, although I have a slight preference for the http://testfirst.org/about#tdd one, due to its brevity.

The tests already exist and define the outward facing interface as well as the behaviour of the code to be implemented.

> Changing the signature will break the tests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Changing the signature breaks the tests.
```
